# Detecting-slow-moving-objs-LSST
By residing in the outskirt of the Solar System and therefore being relatively unevolved, comets carry crucial information on the primordial composition of the solar protoplanetary disk. LSST is a survey that will take place at the Vera C. Rubin Observatory. It will survey the Southern sky for 10 years. The Rubin Observatory is already in construction in the North of Chile on the El Peñon peak of Cerro Pachón.  LSST is a survey aiming to monitor the Southern Hemisphere, collecting petabytes of information: images, light curves, and transients. LSST will also provide a built-in pipeline, able to perform difference imaging analysis and detect all sources in each observation, including moving objects, i.e., objects that are changing position between two subsequent frames of the same pointing. Given that the observing cadence is pre-determined, this pipeline will detect only moving objects that move fast enough or at a heliocentric distance smaller than 200 AU.
The main purpose of this project is to fill this gap in the pipeline flow: detect all Solar System or interstellar objects that are too far and/or too slow to be detected with standard techniques. 
We built an automated pipeline for the detection of slow-moving objects using Machine Learning methodologies, specifically a 3-dimensional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). 
But as LSST real images will only be collected starting in 2024, We worked with simulated data to create a dataset for the training and testing of the CNN. We started from the simulated dataset called DP0.1, which, unfortunately, does not include Solar System objects or, generally speaking, any transient. To face this issue, We injected artificial slow-moving objects into the simulated images.
